- [Kevin] Every six months,
Java developers can now look forward
to receiving a new version of the language
that delivers enhanced security,
improved performance and additional features.
While many developers find the new release cycle exciting,
others are hesitant to upgrade beyond their current version
putting their projects at risk
of incurring high extended support costs.
Teams that approach migrations
with a well-planned strategy
that includes the assistance of automated tools
can confidently upgrade to the latest version.
Teams that make the leap,
will enjoy new Java features
such as switch expressions,
and text blocks for working with multi-line strings.
Hi, I'm Kevin Bowersox.
And throughout my career
I've enjoyed using Java's versatility
to create a wide range of systems
ranging from batch jobs to web APIs.
I'll share strategies
that will eliminate common pitfalls
that you might experience.
Come join me
in my LinkedIn Learning course
to migrate Java applications to the latest versions.